Search: Better results for record notes (#1394)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/record-notes.md

---

> When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, add a comment to describe what it’s used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, add a comment to describe what it's used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.
```

> When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, add a comment to describe what it's used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't change this unless we are changing the UI. When you go to do this, everything says Record Note. Calling it a comment would add confusion.

> When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, add a comment to describe what it's used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.

Reviewer 2: Agree. If it's called a "comment" significantly more often, then we should explore changing the UI to **Comments**. Just fixing the search to surface this result should be good — we can update the language in the doc if we change the UI.

> When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, add a comment to describe what it's used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating, updating, or deleting a DNS record from the [DNS record editor](/articles/record-editor), you can include a note to provide context for the change. They can be used to explain why a record exists, what it's used for, or any other information that might be useful to you or your team.
```
